hey guys I said they put the comedians
up and they find this two places i just
wanted to show you this lovely hotel
room we had here things out either
looking at hole in the wall where they
used to have some sort of fire detector
or something this is live on rusted
nasty and then down here get the carpet
coming off the wall and then that's
classy this side this door was like
rusted open like it hadn't been shut in
years and it just like squirted little
bits of rust dust on the wall when we
went to shut it is all rusted I don't
know what is a towel behind the door
with a legumes rust and nastiness the
paint peeling off the wall only the
finest will do and this is the best part
is the absolute best this tub this tub
there is no what I don't know if you
guys have seen it there's no water in
this tub but there's like it's like
vinyl and underneath it there is water
weight it's like taking a shower on a
waterbed I don't know what the fuck is
wrong with this thing it's certainly not
a feature I've come to notice that if
ever there's a room that's slightly
lackluster or you know the AC doesn't
quite work right or whatever that is a
that is instantly the comet room so hope
you guys dug that that's one fucked up
tub outside again later